pj_animinfo_init AINFINIT.C /^Errcode pj_animinfo_init(Ani
pj_cmap_update CMAPUPDT.C /^Errcode pj_cmap_update(FlicR
pj_error_internal ERRIREPT.C /^Errcode pj_error_internal(Er
pj_error_get_message ERRMSG.C /^char *pj_error_get_message(E
pj_flic_close FLICCLOS.C /^Errcode pj_flic_close(Flic *
pj_flic_create FLICCRE.C /^Errcode pj_flic_create(char 
pj_flic_write_finish FLICFINI.C /^Errcode pj_flic_write_finish
pj_flic_file_info FLICINFF.C /^Errcode pj_flic_file_info(ch
pj_flic_info FLICINFO.C /^Errcode pj_flic_info(Flic *p
pj_flic_complete_filename FLICNAME.C /^Errcode pj_flic_complete_fil
pj_flic_open_info FLICOINF.C /^Errcode pj_flic_open_info(ch
pj_flic_open FLICOPEN.C /^Errcode pj_flic_open(char *p
pj_flic_rewind FLICRWND.C /^Errcode pj_flic_rewind(Flic 
pj_flic_set_speed FLICSPEE.C /^Errcode pj_flic_set_speed(Fl
pj_flic_write_first FLICWRT1.C /^Errcode pj_flic_write_first(
pj_flic_write_next FLICWRTN.C /^Errcode pj_flic_write_next(F
pj_flic_play PLAYFLIC.C /^Errcode pj_flic_play(char *p
pj_flic_play_frames PLAYFRAM.C /^Errcode pj_flic_play_frames(
pj_flic_play_next PLAYNEXT.C /^Errcode pj_flic_play_next(Fl
pj_flic_play_until PLAYNTIL.C /^Errcode pj_flic_play_until(c
pj_flic_play_once PLAYONCE.C /^Errcode pj_flic_play_once(ch
pj_flic_play_timed PLAYTIME.C /^Errcode pj_flic_play_timed(c
pj_playoptions_init POPTINIT.C /^Errcode pj_playoptions_init(
pj_raster_make_ram RASTALLO.C /^Errcode pj_raster_make_ram(F
pj_raster_free_ram RASTALLO.C /^Errcode pj_raster_free_ram(F
pj_raster_bind_ram RASTBIND.C /^Errcode pj_raster_bind_ram(F
pj_raster_unbind_ram RASTBIND.C /^Errcode pj_raster_unbind_ram
pj_raster_make_offset RASTCLIP.C /^Errcode pj_raster_make_offse
pj_raster_free_offset RASTCLIP.C /^Errcode pj_raster_free_offse
pj_raster_make_centered RASTCLIP.C /^Errcode pj_raster_make_cente
pj_raster_free_centered RASTCLIP.C /^Errcode pj_raster_free_cente
pj_raster_clear RASTCLR.C /^Errcode pj_raster_clear(Flic
pj_raster_make_compress_only RASTONLY.C /^Errcode pj_raster_make_compr
pj_raster_free_compress_only RASTONLY.C /^Errcode pj_raster_free_compr
pj_raster_clip_virtual RASTVIRT.C /^FlicRaster *pj_raster_clip_v
pj_raster_center_virtual RASTVIRT.C /^FlicRaster *pj_raster_center
pj_video_detect VDRVGLUE.C /^Errcode pj_video_detect(Loca
pj_video_close VDRVGLUE.C /^void pj_video_close(FlicRast
pj_video_open VDRVGLUE.C /^Errcode pj_video_open(LocalV
pj_video_mode_info VDRVGLUE.C /^Errcode pj_video_mode_info(L
pj_video_find VDRVGLUE.C /^Errcode pj_video_find(LocalV
pj_video_find_open VDRVGLUE.C /^Errcode pj_video_find_open(i
pj_video_get_current VDRVGLUE.C /^Errcode pj_video_get_current
pj_video_add VDRVGLUE.C /^void pj_video_add(LocalVdevi
pj_raster_make_custom RASTCUST.C /^Errcode pj_raster_make_custo
pj_raster_free_custom RASTCUST.C /^Errcode pj_raster_free_custo
pj_raster_copy RASTCOPY.C /^Errcode pj_raster_copy(FlicR
pj_cmaps_same CMAPSAME.C /^Boolean pj_cmaps_same(PjCmap
pj_video_add_all VDRVALL.C /^void pj_video_add_all(void)
