pj_animinfo_init libsrc\gluecode\AINFINIT.C /^Errcode pj_animinfo_init(Ani
pj_cmap_update libsrc\gluecode\CMAPUPDT.C /^Errcode pj_cmap_update(FlicR
pj_error_internal libsrc\gluecode\ERRIREPT.C /^Errcode pj_error_internal(Er
pj_error_get_message libsrc\gluecode\ERRMSG.C /^char *pj_error_get_message(E
pj_flic_close libsrc\gluecode\FLICCLOS.C /^Errcode pj_flic_close(Flic *
pj_flic_create libsrc\gluecode\FLICCRE.C /^Errcode pj_flic_create(char 
pj_flic_write_finish libsrc\gluecode\FLICFINI.C /^Errcode pj_flic_write_finish
pj_flic_file_info libsrc\gluecode\FLICINFF.C /^Errcode pj_flic_file_info(ch
pj_flic_info libsrc\gluecode\FLICINFO.C /^Errcode pj_flic_info(Flic *p
pj_flic_complete_filename libsrc\gluecode\FLICNAME.C /^Errcode pj_flic_complete_fil
pj_flic_open_info libsrc\gluecode\FLICOINF.C /^Errcode pj_flic_open_info(ch
pj_flic_open libsrc\gluecode\FLICOPEN.C /^Errcode pj_flic_open(char *p
pj_flic_rewind libsrc\gluecode\FLICRWND.C /^Errcode pj_flic_rewind(Flic 
pj_flic_set_speed libsrc\gluecode\FLICSPEE.C /^Errcode pj_flic_set_speed(Fl
pj_flic_write_first libsrc\gluecode\FLICWRT1.C /^Errcode pj_flic_write_first(
pj_flic_write_next libsrc\gluecode\FLICWRTN.C /^Errcode pj_flic_write_next(F
pj_flic_play libsrc\gluecode\PLAYFLIC.C /^Errcode pj_flic_play(char *p
pj_flic_play_frames libsrc\gluecode\PLAYFRAM.C /^Errcode pj_flic_play_frames(
pj_flic_play_next libsrc\gluecode\PLAYNEXT.C /^Errcode pj_flic_play_next(Fl
pj_flic_play_until libsrc\gluecode\PLAYNTIL.C /^Errcode pj_flic_play_until(c
pj_flic_play_once libsrc\gluecode\PLAYONCE.C /^Errcode pj_flic_play_once(ch
pj_flic_play_timed libsrc\gluecode\PLAYTIME.C /^Errcode pj_flic_play_timed(c
pj_playoptions_init libsrc\gluecode\POPTINIT.C /^Errcode pj_playoptions_init(
pj_raster_make_ram libsrc\gluecode\RASTALLO.C /^Errcode pj_raster_make_ram(F
pj_raster_free_ram libsrc\gluecode\RASTALLO.C /^Errcode pj_raster_free_ram(F
pj_raster_bind_ram libsrc\gluecode\RASTBIND.C /^Errcode pj_raster_bind_ram(F
pj_raster_unbind_ram libsrc\gluecode\RASTBIND.C /^Errcode pj_raster_unbind_ram
pj_raster_make_offset libsrc\gluecode\RASTCLIP.C /^Errcode pj_raster_make_offse
pj_raster_free_offset libsrc\gluecode\RASTCLIP.C /^Errcode pj_raster_free_offse
pj_raster_make_centered libsrc\gluecode\RASTCLIP.C /^Errcode pj_raster_make_cente
pj_raster_free_centered libsrc\gluecode\RASTCLIP.C /^Errcode pj_raster_free_cente
pj_raster_clear libsrc\gluecode\RASTCLR.C /^Errcode pj_raster_clear(Flic
pj_raster_make_compress_only libsrc\gluecode\RASTONLY.C /^Errcode pj_raster_make_compr
pj_raster_free_compress_only libsrc\gluecode\RASTONLY.C /^Errcode pj_raster_free_compr
pj_raster_clip_virtual libsrc\gluecode\RASTVIRT.C /^FlicRaster *pj_raster_clip_v
pj_raster_center_virtual libsrc\gluecode\RASTVIRT.C /^FlicRaster *pj_raster_center
pj_video_detect libsrc\gluecode\VDRVGLUE.C /^Errcode pj_video_detect(Loca
pj_video_close libsrc\gluecode\VDRVGLUE.C /^void pj_video_close(FlicRast
pj_video_open libsrc\gluecode\VDRVGLUE.C /^Errcode pj_video_open(LocalV
pj_video_mode_info libsrc\gluecode\VDRVGLUE.C /^Errcode pj_video_mode_info(L
pj_video_find libsrc\gluecode\VDRVGLUE.C /^Errcode pj_video_find(LocalV
pj_video_find_open libsrc\gluecode\VDRVGLUE.C /^Errcode pj_video_find_open(i
pj_video_get_current libsrc\gluecode\VDRVGLUE.C /^Errcode pj_video_get_current
pj_video_add libsrc\gluecode\VDRVGLUE.C /^void pj_video_add(LocalVdevi
pj_raster_make_custom libsrc\gluecode\RASTCUST.C /^Errcode pj_raster_make_custo
pj_raster_free_custom libsrc\gluecode\RASTCUST.C /^Errcode pj_raster_free_custo
pj_raster_copy libsrc\gluecode\RASTCOPY.C /^Errcode pj_raster_copy(FlicR
pj_cmaps_same libsrc\gluecode\CMAPSAME.C /^Boolean pj_cmaps_same(PjCmap
pj_video_add_all libsrc\gluecode\VDRVALL.C /^void pj_video_add_all(void)
pj_fli_alloc_cbuf libsrc\fli\ALLOCBUF.C /^Errcode pj_fli_alloc_cbuf(Fl
pj_fli_cel_alloc_cbuf libsrc\fli\ALLOCBUF.C /^Errcode pj_fli_cel_alloc_cbu
pj_fli_cbuf_size libsrc\fli\BUFSIZE.C /^LONG pj_fli_cbuf_size(USHORT
pj_fli_cel_cbuf_size libsrc\fli\BUFSIZE.C /^LONG pj_fli_cel_cbuf_size(Rc
pj_fli_comp_aa libsrc\fli\COMP_AA.C /^const Flicomp pj_fli_comp_aa
pj_fli_comp_ani libsrc\fli\COMP_ANI.C /^const Flicomp pj_fli_comp_an
pj_brun_rect libsrc\fli\COMPBRUN.C /^void *pj_brun_rect(Raster *r
pj_lccomp_rects libsrc\fli\COMPLCC.C /^void *pj_lccomp_rects(Raster
pj_ss2_rects libsrc\fli\COMPSS2.C /^void *pj_ss2_rects(Raster *r
pj_fli_create libsrc\fli\CREATE.C /^Errcode pj_fli_create(char *
pj_fli_create_aa libsrc\fli\CREATEAA.C /^Errcode pj_fli_create_aa(cha
pj_fccomp libsrc\fli\FCCOMP.C /^int *pj_fccomp(char *s1, cha
pj_i_create libsrc\fli\FIICREAT.C /^Errcode pj_i_create(char *pa
pj_fli_close libsrc\fli\FLICLOSE.C /^void pj_fli_close(Flifile *f
pj_fli_error_report libsrc\fli\FLIERROR.C /^Errcode pj_fli_error_report(
pj_fli_open libsrc\fli\FLIOPEN.C /^Errcode pj_fli_open(char *pa
pj_make_pstamp_xlat libsrc\fli\FLIPSTAM.C /^void pj_make_pstamp_xlat(Rgb
pj_get_stampsize libsrc\fli\FLIPSTAM.C /^void pj_get_stampsize(SHORT 
pj_build_rect_pstamp libsrc\fli\FLIPSTAM.C /^LONG pj_build_rect_pstamp(Rc
pj_fli_seek_first libsrc\fli\FLISEEK1.C /^Errcode pj_fli_seek_first(Fl
pj_i_update_id libsrc\fli\FLUSHHDR.C /^void pj_i_update_id(Flifile 
pj_i_flush_head libsrc\fli\FLUSHHDR.C /^Errcode pj_i_flush_head(Flif
pj_fli_read_head libsrc\fli\READHEAD.C /^Errcode pj_fli_read_head(cha
pj_fli_read_next libsrc\fli\READNEXT.C /^Errcode pj_fli_read_next(cha
pj_fli_read_uncomp libsrc\fli\READUNC.C /^Errcode pj_fli_read_uncomp(c
pj_fli_uncomp_rect libsrc\fli\UNCOMP.C /^void pj_fli_uncomp_rect(Rcel
pj_fli_uncomp_frame libsrc\fli\UNCOMP.C /^void pj_fli_uncomp_frame(Rce
pj_i_add_next_rec libsrc\fli\WRITEREC.C /^Errcode pj_i_add_next_rec(ch
pj_i_add_frame1_rec libsrc\fli\WRITEREC.C /^Errcode pj_i_add_frame1_rec(
pj_i_add_ring_rec libsrc\fli\WRITEREC.C /^Errcode pj_i_add_ring_rec(ch
pj_fli_add_frame1 libsrc\fli\ADDFIRST.C /^Errcode pj_fli_add_frame1(ch
pj_fli_add_next libsrc\fli\ADDNEXT.C /^Errcode pj_fli_add_next(char
pj_fli_add_ring libsrc\fli\ADDRING.C /^Errcode pj_fli_add_ring(char
pj_fli_comp_rect libsrc\fli\FLICOMP.C /^LONG pj_fli_comp_rect(void *
pj_fli_comp_cel libsrc\fli\FLICOMP.C /^LONG pj_fli_comp_cel(void *c
pj_fli_comp_frame1 libsrc\fli\FLICOMP1.C /^LONG pj_fli_comp_frame1(void
pj__fii_get_user_id libsrc\fli\USERID.C /^LONG pj__fii_get_user_id()
pj_fli_finish libsrc\fli\FINISH.C /^Errcode pj_fli_finish(char *
pj_rcel_close libsrc\gfx\RCELFREE.C /^void pj_rcel_close(Rcel *rc)
pj_rcel_free libsrc\gfx\RCELFREE.C /^void pj_rcel_free(Rcel *c)
pj_rcel_bytemap_alloc libsrc\gfx\RCGETBYM.C /^Errcode pj_rcel_bytemap_allo
pj_rcel_bytemap_open libsrc\gfx\RCOPNBYM.C /^Errcode pj_rcel_bytemap_open
pj_cmap_free libsrc\gfx\RCMAPGET.C /^void pj_cmap_free(Cmap *cmap
pj_cmap_alloc libsrc\gfx\RCMAPGET.C /^Errcode pj_cmap_alloc(Cmap *
pj_rcel_make_virtual libsrc\gfx\RCVRTUAL.C /^Boolean pj_rcel_make_virtual
pj_clear_rast libsrc\gfx\RGCLRAST.C /^void pj_clear_rast(Raster *r
pj_make_scale_table libsrc\gfx\SCALETAB.C /^void pj_make_scale_table(int
pj_do_linscale libsrc\gfx\LINSCALE.C /^void pj_do_linscale(int sx, 
pj_rcel_copy libsrc\gfx\RCELCOPY.C /^void pj_rcel_copy(Rcel *s, R
pj_cmap_copy libsrc\gfx\CMAPCOPY.C /^void pj_cmap_copy(Cmap *s,Cm
pj_cmap_load libsrc\gfx\CMAPLOAD.C /^void pj_cmap_load(void *rast
pj_alloc_bytemap libsrc\rastlib\BYMALLOC.C /^Errcode pj_alloc_bytemap(Ras
pj_open_bytemap libsrc\rastlib\BYMRAST.C /^Errcode pj_open_bytemap(Rast
pj_build_bytemap libsrc\rastlib\BYMRAST.C /^Errcode pj_build_bytemap(Ras
pj_bym_mask1blit libsrc\rastlib\BYMRAST.C /^void pj_bym_mask1blit(UBYTE 
pj_get_bytemap_lib libsrc\rastlib\BYMRAST.C /^void *pj_get_bytemap_lib(voi
test_driver libsrc\rastlib\BYMRAST.C /^test_driver()
pj_clipbox_make libsrc\rastlib\CLIPBOX.C /^Boolean pj_clipbox_make(Clip
pj_clipbox_to_rect libsrc\rastlib\CLIPBOX.C /^Boolean pj_clipbox_to_rect(C
pj_clipbox_make libsrc\rastlib\CLIPBOX.C /^Boolean pj_clipbox_make(Clip
pj_free_bplanes libsrc\rastlib\GETPLANE.C /^void pj_free_bplanes(registe
pj_get_bplanes libsrc\rastlib\GETPLANE.C /^LONG pj_get_bplanes(PLANEPTR
pj_grc_load_compcalls libsrc\rastlib\GRC_COMP.C /^void pj_grc_load_compcalls(s
pj_grc_load_dcompcalls libsrc\rastlib\GRCDCOMP.C /^void pj_grc_load_dcompcalls(
pj_grc_zoomblit libsrc\rastlib\GRCFULIB.C /^Errcode pj_grc_zoomblit( Ras
grc_wseg libsrc\rastlib\GRCFULIB.C /^void grc_wseg(const Raster *
pj_grc_load_fullcalls libsrc\rastlib\GRCFULIB.C /^void pj_grc_load_fullcalls(s
pj_get_grc_lib libsrc\rastlib\GRCLIB.C /^void *pj_get_grc_lib(void)
pj_grc_load_commcalls libsrc\rastlib\GRCOMMON.C /^void pj_grc_load_commcalls(s
pj_set_grc_calls libsrc\rastlib\GRCSET.C /^void pj_set_grc_calls(void *
pj_vdo_nutin libsrc\rastlib\LIBDUMMY.C /^void pj_vdo_nutin(void) { re
pj_sdo_nutin libsrc\rastlib\LIBDUMMY.C /^SHORT pj_sdo_nutin(void) { r
pj_rcdo_nutin libsrc\rastlib\LIBDUMMY.C /^Pixel pj_rcdo_nutin(void) { 
pj_errdo_unimpl libsrc\rastlib\LIBDUMMY.C /^Errcode pj_errdo_unimpl(void
pj_errdo_success libsrc\rastlib\LIBDUMMY.C /^Errcode pj_errdo_success(voi
pj_init_null_rastlib libsrc\rastlib\NULLINIT.C /^void pj_init_null_rastlib(Ra
pj_get_null_lib libsrc\rastlib\NULLRLIB.C /^void *pj_get_null_lib(void)
pj__blitrect libsrc\rastlib\RC_BLIRE.C /^void pj__blitrect(Raster *so
pj__swaprect libsrc\rastlib\RC_SWAPR.C /^void pj__swaprect(Raster *ra
pj__tblitrect libsrc\rastlib\RC_TBLIT.C /^void pj__tblitrect(Raster *s
pj_blitrect libsrc\rastlib\RCBLIREC.C /^void pj_blitrect(Raster *sou
pj_close_raster libsrc\rastlib\RCCLOSE.C /^void pj_close_raster(Raster 
pj_get_hseg libsrc\rastlib\RCGHSEG.C /^void pj_get_hseg(Raster *v, 
pj_get_rectpix libsrc\rastlib\RCGRPIX.C /^void pj_get_rectpix(Raster *
pj_get_vseg libsrc\rastlib\RCGVSEG.C /^void pj_get_vseg(Raster *v,v
pj_lclipdim2 libsrc\rastlib\RCLCLIP2.C /^Coor pj_lclipdim2(Coor *sval
pj_lclip2rects libsrc\rastlib\RCLIP2R.C /^Coor pj_lclip2rects(Coor *av
pj_mask1blit libsrc\rastlib\RCMSK1BL.C /^void pj_mask1blit(UBYTE *mby
pj_mask2blit libsrc\rastlib\RCMSK2BL.C /^void pj_mask2blit(UBYTE *mby
pj_put_hseg libsrc\rastlib\RCPHSEG.C /^void pj_put_hseg(Raster *v, 
_pj_put_rectpix libsrc\rastlib\RCPRPIX.C /^void _pj_put_rectpix(Raster 
pj_put_vseg libsrc\rastlib\RCPVSEG.C /^void pj_put_vseg(Raster *v,v
pj_set_rect libsrc\rastlib\RCSETREC.C /^void pj_set_rect(Raster *r, 
pj_set_hline libsrc\rastlib\RCSHLINE.C /^void pj_set_hline(Raster *v,
pj_swaprect libsrc\rastlib\RCSWAPR.C /^void pj_swaprect(Raster *ras
pj_set_vline libsrc\rastlib\RCSVLINE.C /^void pj_set_vline(Raster *v,
pj_tblitrect libsrc\rastlib\RCTBLITR.C /^void pj_tblitrect(Raster *so
pj_xor_rast libsrc\rastlib\RCXORAST.C /^void pj_xor_rast(Raster *sou
pj_xor_rect libsrc\rastlib\RCXORECT.C /^void pj_xor_rect( Raster *r,
pj_zoomblit libsrc\rastlib\RCZOOMBL.C /^void pj_zoomblit( Raster *so
