pj_alloc_bytemap BYMALLOC.C /^Errcode pj_alloc_bytemap(Ras
pj_open_bytemap BYMRAST.C /^Errcode pj_open_bytemap(Rast
pj_build_bytemap BYMRAST.C /^Errcode pj_build_bytemap(Ras
pj_bym_mask1blit BYMRAST.C /^void pj_bym_mask1blit(UBYTE 
pj_get_bytemap_lib BYMRAST.C /^void *pj_get_bytemap_lib(voi
test_driver BYMRAST.C /^test_driver()
pj_clipbox_make CLIPBOX.C /^Boolean pj_clipbox_make(Clip
pj_clipbox_to_rect CLIPBOX.C /^Boolean pj_clipbox_to_rect(C
pj_clipbox_make CLIPBOX.C /^Boolean pj_clipbox_make(Clip
pj_free_bplanes GETPLANE.C /^void pj_free_bplanes(registe
pj_get_bplanes GETPLANE.C /^LONG pj_get_bplanes(PLANEPTR
pj_grc_load_compcalls GRC_COMP.C /^void pj_grc_load_compcalls(s
pj_grc_load_dcompcalls GRCDCOMP.C /^void pj_grc_load_dcompcalls(
pj_grc_zoomblit GRCFULIB.C /^Errcode pj_grc_zoomblit( Ras
grc_wseg GRCFULIB.C /^void grc_wseg(const Raster *
pj_grc_load_fullcalls GRCFULIB.C /^void pj_grc_load_fullcalls(s
pj_get_grc_lib GRCLIB.C /^void *pj_get_grc_lib(void)
pj_grc_load_commcalls GRCOMMON.C /^void pj_grc_load_commcalls(s
pj_set_grc_calls GRCSET.C /^void pj_set_grc_calls(void *
pj_vdo_nutin LIBDUMMY.C /^void pj_vdo_nutin(void) { re
pj_sdo_nutin LIBDUMMY.C /^SHORT pj_sdo_nutin(void) { r
pj_rcdo_nutin LIBDUMMY.C /^Pixel pj_rcdo_nutin(void) { 
pj_errdo_unimpl LIBDUMMY.C /^Errcode pj_errdo_unimpl(void
pj_errdo_success LIBDUMMY.C /^Errcode pj_errdo_success(voi
pj_init_null_rastlib NULLINIT.C /^void pj_init_null_rastlib(Ra
pj_get_null_lib NULLRLIB.C /^void *pj_get_null_lib(void)
pj__blitrect RC_BLIRE.C /^void pj__blitrect(Raster *so
pj__swaprect RC_SWAPR.C /^void pj__swaprect(Raster *ra
pj__tblitrect RC_TBLIT.C /^void pj__tblitrect(Raster *s
pj_blitrect RCBLIREC.C /^void pj_blitrect(Raster *sou
pj_close_raster RCCLOSE.C /^void pj_close_raster(Raster 
pj_get_hseg RCGHSEG.C /^void pj_get_hseg(Raster *v, 
pj_get_rectpix RCGRPIX.C /^void pj_get_rectpix(Raster *
pj_get_vseg RCGVSEG.C /^void pj_get_vseg(Raster *v,v
pj_lclipdim2 RCLCLIP2.C /^Coor pj_lclipdim2(Coor *sval
pj_lclip2rects RCLIP2R.C /^Coor pj_lclip2rects(Coor *av
pj_mask1blit RCMSK1BL.C /^void pj_mask1blit(UBYTE *mby
pj_mask2blit RCMSK2BL.C /^void pj_mask2blit(UBYTE *mby
pj_put_hseg RCPHSEG.C /^void pj_put_hseg(Raster *v, 
pj_put_vseg RCPVSEG.C /^void pj_put_vseg(Raster *v,v
pj_set_rect RCSETREC.C /^void pj_set_rect(Raster *r, 
pj_set_hline RCSHLINE.C /^void pj_set_hline(Raster *v,
pj_swaprect RCSWAPR.C /^void pj_swaprect(Raster *ras
pj_set_vline RCSVLINE.C /^void pj_set_vline(Raster *v,
pj_tblitrect RCTBLITR.C /^void pj_tblitrect(Raster *so
pj_xor_rast RCXORAST.C /^void pj_xor_rast(Raster *sou
pj_xor_rect RCXORECT.C /^void pj_xor_rect( Raster *r,
pj_zoomblit RCZOOMBL.C /^void pj_zoomblit( Raster *so
_pj_put_rectpix RCPRPIX.C /^void _pj_put_rectpix(Raster 
