pj_fli_alloc_cbuf ALLOCBUF.C /^Errcode pj_fli_alloc_cbuf(Fl
pj_fli_cel_alloc_cbuf ALLOCBUF.C /^Errcode pj_fli_cel_alloc_cbu
pj_fli_cbuf_size BUFSIZE.C /^LONG pj_fli_cbuf_size(USHORT
pj_fli_cel_cbuf_size BUFSIZE.C /^LONG pj_fli_cel_cbuf_size(Rc
pj_fli_comp_aa COMP_AA.C /^const Flicomp pj_fli_comp_aa
pj_fli_comp_ani COMP_ANI.C /^const Flicomp pj_fli_comp_an
pj_brun_rect COMPBRUN.C /^void *pj_brun_rect(Raster *r
pj_lccomp_rects COMPLCC.C /^void *pj_lccomp_rects(Raster
pj_ss2_rects COMPSS2.C /^void *pj_ss2_rects(Raster *r
pj_fli_create CREATE.C /^Errcode pj_fli_create(char *
pj_fli_create_aa CREATEAA.C /^Errcode pj_fli_create_aa(cha
pj_fccomp FCCOMP.C /^int *pj_fccomp(char *s1, cha
pj_i_create FIICREAT.C /^Errcode pj_i_create(char *pa
pj_fli_close FLICLOSE.C /^void pj_fli_close(Flifile *f
pj_fli_error_report FLIERROR.C /^Errcode pj_fli_error_report(
pj_fli_open FLIOPEN.C /^Errcode pj_fli_open(char *pa
pj_make_pstamp_xlat FLIPSTAM.C /^void pj_make_pstamp_xlat(Rgb
pj_get_stampsize FLIPSTAM.C /^void pj_get_stampsize(SHORT 
pj_build_rect_pstamp FLIPSTAM.C /^LONG pj_build_rect_pstamp(Rc
pj_fli_seek_first FLISEEK1.C /^Errcode pj_fli_seek_first(Fl
pj_i_update_id FLUSHHDR.C /^void pj_i_update_id(Flifile 
pj_i_flush_head FLUSHHDR.C /^Errcode pj_i_flush_head(Flif
pj_fli_read_head READHEAD.C /^Errcode pj_fli_read_head(cha
pj_fli_read_next READNEXT.C /^Errcode pj_fli_read_next(cha
pj_fli_read_uncomp READUNC.C /^Errcode pj_fli_read_uncomp(c
pj_fli_uncomp_rect UNCOMP.C /^void pj_fli_uncomp_rect(Rcel
pj_fli_uncomp_frame UNCOMP.C /^void pj_fli_uncomp_frame(Rce
pj_i_add_next_rec WRITEREC.C /^Errcode pj_i_add_next_rec(ch
pj_i_add_frame1_rec WRITEREC.C /^Errcode pj_i_add_frame1_rec(
pj_i_add_ring_rec WRITEREC.C /^Errcode pj_i_add_ring_rec(ch
pj_fli_add_frame1 ADDFIRST.C /^Errcode pj_fli_add_frame1(ch
pj_fli_add_next ADDNEXT.C /^Errcode pj_fli_add_next(char
pj_fli_add_ring ADDRING.C /^Errcode pj_fli_add_ring(char
pj_fli_comp_rect FLICOMP.C /^LONG pj_fli_comp_rect(void *
pj_fli_comp_cel FLICOMP.C /^LONG pj_fli_comp_cel(void *c
pj_fli_comp_frame1 FLICOMP1.C /^LONG pj_fli_comp_frame1(void
pj__fii_get_user_id USERID.C /^LONG pj__fii_get_user_id()
pj_fli_finish FINISH.C /^Errcode pj_fli_finish(char *
